This is impossible, Lord Wang
Longtai these years
Almost no golden light has been emitted
How can there be a colorful country?
Yes, yes.
Even if there is, it can't be him, Lin Ce
A low-level figure
How can waste wood have hundreds of millions of combat power?
You shut up
Lobsters have had fables since ancient times
When the colorful holy light appears on Longtai
It means that the national luck of lobsters will be tested
And the person who detected the colorful holy light
Will save lobsters from fire and water
And lead the lobster to new heights
Lord Wang
It was Lin Ce who helped me repel the tiger army that day
I believe he must be the one chosen by the prophecy
Mr. Lin, since you are the creator of colorful holy light
With hundreds of millions of combat power
This Longxia Centennial Celebration will honor you
Ok lift it up
What was it?
It seems to be Lin Wan.
Lin Yuanzhou and Hua Wuji
Isn't it the sinner who collaborated with the enemy and betrayed the country 20 years ago?
Does Linzer know my father too?
Why am I not impressed?
Mr. Lin, this is
At the centennial celebration under the dragon
Blatantly erect a monument to the sinners under the dragon
Boy you are lawless